h1. slim3-gradle-sample

*slim3-gradle-sample* is a sample and test project using "slim3-gradle":https://github.com/mike-neck/slim3-gradle as build tool.
If you are wondering a usage of slim3-gradle, see this project and make clone of this.

h1. LICENSE

<pre><code class="txt">   Copyright mike_neck (mike@mikeneck.org) 2012

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
</code></pre>

h1. code example

The codes in this project are originally written by "shin1ogawa":https://github.com/shin1ogawa in his elegant work "Google API Expertが解説する Google App Engine for Java実践ガイド":http://goo.gl/137Tm with some modification.
The original codes are available at https://bitbucket.org/shin1ogawa/gae4j_pragmatice_guide or http://www.impressjapan.jp/books/3173 __ibid__ page 2.

h1. how to make project

h3. Overview

This project requires 3 steps to be available for IntelliJ IDEA.

# create idea project model file (.ipr file)
# generate gitignore file.
# generate Meta class.

h3. Detail

# create idea project model file
<pre><code class="sh"> $ gradle idea
</code></pre>
** After this command you can find <code>project.ipr</code> file in project root.
** And IntelliJ IDEA now can read the project.
# generate gitignore file.
<pre><code class="sh"> $ gradle gitignore
</code></pre>
** The you can manage your project under git.
# generate Meta class.
<pre><code class="sh"> $ gradle gen
</code></pre>
** Then you can find Meta classes generated under the .apt_gen directory.

